[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: The debate
over whether we humans do or do
not have free will,
thus, choice has raged
on for thousands of years.
But the conversation intensified
when a book titled "Determined"
came out in 2023, saying,
we have no free will.
All the major news
outlets picked it up
and I thought it was
a sad day and decided
to get more clarification
on this subject
by talking with Sheila
Gillette and the THEO Group.
Welcome back, Sheila.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
Thanks, Regina.
So good to see you again.
What a great topic.
>>REGINA: I know.
It's so good to see you again.
You wrote this book "The
Art of Relationship."
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: And I think one of the
most confusing parts of life,
one of the great conundrums
is we get into relationships
and then when we
get out, we say,
what the heck was I thinking?
How did I--
I chose that.
Why?
And we start questioning
what we've done, why
we make the decisions we do.
We do it in a lot of things.
And then when you have something
like this book "Determined"
come out and say, oh, you
never had a choice in anything.
It was all
predetermined for you.
You were just going to be
there no matter what you did.
And I think, mm.
So first of all,
your book is lovely.
"The Art of
Relationship" is lovely.
And I thought we'd apply
free will to the subject.
So before we go
to the THEO group
in a little bit, any thoughts
that you have prior to our
talking with THEO about this
subject, choosing your partner.
>>GILLETTE: Well, it's
first and foremost
how we feel about ourselves,
how we choose the people
we're in relationship with.
Everything's relationship-based.
Everything we do.
So to say it's
predetermined, in a way,
I would agree with
that only because we
have particular beliefs that
we hold about ourselves that
keep repeating a similar
pattern over and over again
until we change the belief.
And then recognize we
do have the choice,
and we can choose not to
be in that pattern of lack
of self-worth and know
that we deserve love,
to love and be loved, and
that's loving ourselves.
And when we can love
ourselves, our whole life
changes in all of our
relationships, in everything
that we choose.
We become more aware, not
in this myopic vision.
Our perception can
broaden the aperture
of our perceptivity broadens,
and we can change those beliefs
to loving beliefs,
which then attracts more
opportunity and more choices.
>>REGINA: Indeed.
Now, this book goes into great
detail, and I give him credit.
He's a neuroscientist.
I give him credit for all
of the past conditioning
environment, all of
the standard arguments,
neurochemical responses,
epigenetics, everything,
he makes all those arguments.
All of them are true.
But what doesn't
happen is there's
no potential to change that.
There's no potential
to grow beyond it.
>>GILLETTE: The interesting
thing with scientists,
they can give you all the data
and all the brain chemistry
and all that, but they
leave the soul out.
>>REGINA: Yeah, there's
no soul in this.
>>GILLETTE: There's
no soul in it.
It's kind of like
body, mind, spirit.
We hear that in medicine.
And the spirit's been
left out of that, too.
That's why functional medicine
is coming on so strongly now,
because it's inclusive of
our spirituality, our soul,
participation in our health,
in our relationships,
in our life explaining it.
>>REGINA: It's us.
Everything.
Well, this kind of
said it, I think
it was in the first 50 pages.
When he said, OK, the
subject of consciousness,
it's like consciousness,
smonsciousness.
What's that?
That was it.
That's all that was devoted
to consciousness in the book.
But the media loved it.
Every major news outlet picked
that book up at the time,
and I thought, what the heck?
You don't see them picking
up anything that would
say something to the contrary.
A few outlets will
allow articles
to be printed on the
subject of consciousness.
But when it comes
to free will, that
should be tantamount importance
in writing a book like that.
>>GILLETTE: Oh, I think so, too.
But that's the old
paradigm, isn't it?
It's the old--
>>REGINA: Oh,
Newtonian physics and--
>>GILLETTE: --belief systems.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GILLETTE: And they're
being upended as we
now in this chaos in the world.
As you know, Regina, we've
known each other a long time.
THEO has been talking about
these changes that are happening
for five decades now.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Literally.
>>GILLETTE: And it's happening.
And that's the
consciousness shift,
the broadening of the aperture,
the ability to see life not from
the 3D, the third dimensional
physical reality that's been
quite harsh on this planet.
And those patterns
have been passed along
for thousands of years.
That's what's getting changed
now inside of us, but externally
as well.
So of course, those who want
to stay in the old paradigm
will push against it.
>>REGINA: And you can find all
the evidence for it because it's
old, it's existed a long time.
>>GILLETTE: Thousands of years.
>>REGINA: You just don't
have to-- thousands of years.
You just don't
have to push beyond
to look for the deeper answers.
That's all.
I mean, it's pretty simple.
Fortunately, there
are enough scientists
in the world of quantum--
the field of quantum
mechanics, quantum physics
that are beginning to
put it all together.
And that is exciting.
But still, we are
left with the notion
of how we make these decisions?
When these decisions begin?
And then trying to
discover the wherefore
and why we come together
with very specific people
in our lives at
very specific times.
And I have a couple
questions I'll
end up asking THEO that
are kind of funny, really,
when you think about
and I want to see
what they have to say about it.
But before we do
that, what was--
when you wrote the book
"The Art of Relationship",
did THEO have you
write this book?
Did he say, you've
got to do this?
>>GILLETTE: They did.
Because a few years ago, I
would say maybe five years ago,
we said to THEO,
well, what's next?
What do you want?
What do you want to focus on?
What do the angels want
to talk to us about?
And they said relationships.
So we created a
relationship retreat.
And did this whole program
on soul integration
and relationship to
the self and then
how that affects our
relationships with others.
And we film those.
And THEO interacted with
people in those retreats.
So we had that film.
And then we took the book.
There are 12 chapters,
every area of life,
starting with the
relationship to the self
first, because that
colors everything.
And then all primary
relationships, children, family,
work, end of life.
So it touches on
every relationship
we have during our lifetime
and how we interact with it,
how we change those
beliefs and how we end up
being in relationship
in a very integrous way
and finding those people
that we resonate with.
And one of the big
things was core values.
I mean, if people say,
what are your core values?
It's how you live your life.
Well, do your core values
match the people you're with?
Even in work.
It's important that the--
that's how businesses succeed
because the people
that work there,
the core values are the same.
And it's interesting as this has
evolved us seeing this play out.
But it's a wonderful book
to touch on all those.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
I read it.
So I can vouch for that.
So meanwhile, we're going
to look in the piece
that you just talked
about a moment ago,
and that is when we decide
we're ready to start working
on the self-changing,
being able to change
our own perception of self and
identify core values and such.
This really is where we have
freedom to make choices.
And I'm going to get through the
subject of free will with them
in a lot of quirky
different ways.
And so hopefully,
it will augment
what we already know about
relationship in the book, OK?
Are you ready to go to THEO?
>>GILLETTE: I am.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>GILLETTE: Let's do it.
>>REGINA: All righty.
>>GILLETTE: Here we go.
It is the beginning, is it not?
>>REGINA: Yes.
Thank you, THEO.
>>GILLETTE: We are appreciative
of the opportunity to serve.
You may ask.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I thought we'd start at
the beginning as you can--
whether we read sci-fi books
or watch sci-fi movies, or even
in certain philosophical
literature.
Earth is often referred to
as the free will planet.
Can you give us a
broader view of what that
means from your point of view?
>>GILLETTE: In the
beginning, the free will
is the choice of each individual
incarnating in the body
that they choose
to incarnate in.
So the soul chooses
to be on Earth.
And you're all lucky
you got a body.
It's like the lottery.
There are billions of souls
that are wanting the experience.
>>REGINA: And I
would assume that
with the privilege of having the
body as the privilege of having
a body in relationship with
another human being, which we'll
get into because it brings so
much experience to the table
of every kind.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And to have a body, you have
all the sensory perceptivity
of a body.
And the love, the
touch, the experience
of knowing what emotions are,
which is the greater learning.
So it is a gift your body, your
Earth vehicle, your Earth suit
is a gift of those experiences.
>>REGINA: And so, how--
OK, now we're incarnating
into a physical body
and we understand that
in many dimensions,
it's not physical as it
is here, certainly not
as densely physical.
So does free will work in a
similar way in other places
throughout the cosmos?
>>GILLETTE: Similarly in
some and not in others.
But the will, as we said,
firstly, is incarnation itself.
>>REGINA: Hmm-mm.
Huge.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And your soul is larger
than your physical body.
And what gives your
brain life is your soul.
For an example, if the body
is not working any longer,
what they would call death.
When there's a pronunciation
of death for an individual.
It's the brain not functioning.
Why is it not functioning?
The soul has gone.
>>REGINA: It's withdrawn.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
So that's the difference.
The soul is the
decider, if you would.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about from your perspective
because we really don't know
much about you and your group
and how it works where you are.
Is there any sense
of physicality
in the dimension you're in?
Do you have physicality
with one another?
And how does free will
work where you are,
or is it even necessary?
>>GILLETTE: It's not necessary.
>>REGINA: And if you could
tell us a little bit about what
that's like.
>>GILLETTE: So what we
are, are mentors teachers
for the human experience.
And we get the experience
of physicality through you.
You're the courageous
ones, are you not?
But were keen observers of the
experiences of human condition
on Earth and the observers.
That's how we keenly know
how to answer your questions.
And we know you well because of
your vibration, your frequency,
which is a solid state.
Your soul frequency
is continuous.
It's eternal.
Your physical vibration can
change, but your soul does not.
>>REGINA: Have any
in your group ever
taken this wild joy ride of
actually incarnating as a human
into a physical body?
>>GILLETTE: Some angelic
beings have, yes, we have not.
>>REGINA: OK.
So you get a deep enough taste
of it just being around us
all the time.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And we resonate on your
vibrational frequency
to know what you
are experiencing.
>>REGINA: So years
ago, I was listening
to a channeling from my soul
group toward another person,
and I knew a fair amount
about the person getting
the channeling.
And they were having
a lot of trouble
being on Earth in
particularly when
it came to inequity,
unfairness, cruelty,
he would break
down and have to be
taken into a facility
for mental care.
And this happened
quite a few times
and he just didn't understand
why he wasn't handling it.
And when he had this
channeling, they said,
you are from another place
that is here on Earth.
And examining over
some lifetimes
the value and nature of
free will and whether
or not to bring this back when
you report back to where you're
from, to bring this back
to where you're from
to determine if this is
something that would be desired.
Any thoughts on that?
Does this happen?
Are there other
planets that would like
to play this experience out?
>>GILLETTE: There are
billions of planets.
If you look out into your
universe, look at the stars.
And now with the
photographs, you can see.
You can see how vast it is.
In your universe, there
are billions of planets
that could sustain life.
>>REGINA: And how
many do sustain life
and have species operating?
>>GILLETTE: Several thousand.
>>REGINA: Several thousand?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>GILLETTE: Earth
is only one choice.
>>REGINA: Right.
And that is also my
understanding that often people
think, what do I
do if I'm not here
when you might say to someone,
you're not stuck here.
This is not a prison planet.
I have a problem
with people write
books about how we're
living on a prison planet,
and I do not see it that way.
And not only that,
once you disincarnate,
once you leave the
body, we have choices
to go elsewhere as long as we're
a vibratory match, do we not?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And it's to understand
people are thinking
about the extraterrestrials.
Do they exist?
Of course, they do.
And they've been seen
and we'll be seeing more.
But can you imagine
your neighbor is one?
Because you all have choices
to be extraterrestrial as well.
Imagine you go to
another planet to them,
you would be an
extraterrestrial.
>>REGINA: And does this is--
>>GILLETTE: You
find it humorous.
>>REGINA: Well, it is humorous.
So do people on Earth once
we get out of the body
and we're away from the strain
and stress of what we've just
been through and have a
chance to look back on it.
Is-- Does it happen very
often that we would choose
to move on to another
place as a soul
or do most people
incarnating here
continue the pattern
for a good while?
>>GILLETTE: Again, it's
not demanded of you.
It's a choice.
But because once
not embodied, you
realize what an exquisite
opportunity the Earth
is, the beauty of the
planet, and the physicality
and what can be
experienced in the physical
and all of the emotions that can
be experienced are quite unique,
so that's why you keep coming
back to have those experiences.
This is a planet
of great beauty.
And as this
consciousness shifts,
there will be a
greater realization
because that perception
will exist in you.
But, yes, many who
go through challenge
then feel that it
is a punishment.
But that's just a
perception, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Mm.
So in the end, after you get
out and get a little rest,
we usually come back.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS] I think
it's important to get that
on the table for
people who say--
so many people say, I'm out of
here, I'm never coming back.
>>GILLETTE: That's because their
challenges have been great.
They view them as
challenge and hard.
That perception can change.
If you're challenged, that's
just the curriculum of the life
that the soul has chosen.
But in viewing it as
a gift and a blessing,
and what can be learned
from that intensity
can change from suffering
to anticipation, curiosity,
and advancement, and fun.
>>REGINA: Hmm-mm.
Just by changing their
perception of it.
>>GILLETTE: Changing your mind.
Hmm-mm.
Yes.
>>REGINA: And so, I've often
said when people say I didn't--
I would not have
chosen this life.
I did not choose this.
This is not for me.
And I just simply say, well, you
can't stuff a soul in a body.
There has to be an
agreement that goes on.
So this is, I think, where we
begin our free will discussion.
Let's talk about
the notion no one
can stuff a soul in a
body against its will
and our choice of
coming in and how
we choose the location,
the astrology, the family,
everything.
That's a lot of free will
before we're ever born.
>>GILLETTE: It is and
groups incarnate together
to support each other's growth.
So those are choices as
well that you meet people
that you know you've
known many times over,
and you can be assured of that
if you have a response to them.
I think in the tens
of thousands of people
one meets in a
lifetime, particularly
now with all the mobility.
How many are you
truly attracted to?
So those you are attracted to
whether positively or negatively
you've known them before.
Because they've been
a part of that growth
time whenever it was.
>>REGINA: So is it fair to
say when you are incarnating
as a group where you come
around back and forth together
over the course of
history that is it
a similar frequency that
you possess that draws
you back together then into
a certain tribe, bloodline,
location, et cetera?
>>GILLETTE: Yes, we
call it soul family.
>>REGINA: Hmm-mm.
Yeah, soul family.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: It's a frequency,
though, it's frequency-based.
>>GILLETTE: It's a vibration.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GILLETTE: That's a match.
And so when you are
in relationship,
that's another thing
that you can look at.
Not all of your
relationships are a match.
And many in mismatched
frequencies often
struggle or have
disagreements and think,
why did I choose that?
It's you're looking
for the match,
but you cannot match
which is that unknown.
You need to know what
your frequency is.
And that has to do with your
core values, your vibration,
how much you love yourself.
And we're not talking about
self-centeredness or narcissism.
We're talking about
soul-centered.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now on this journey,
we're going to incarnate.
We're with our soul family.
We've already chosen the
time and circumstance.
We're going to connect
with some key figures.
Let's talk about
what happens when
we're going to connect with very
key figures who we have chosen
to come in and perhaps have an
intimate long-term relationship
with and bring children
into the world with.
Does it often happen before
birth between an arrangement,
between the two souls
before we're born?
>>GILLETTE: Yeah.
So you call them soul
mates, soul travelers.
But it's been
romanticized, hasn't it?
Some of the soul mates could
be your greatest challengers.
>>REGINA: Yes, indeed.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
But there is a desire for
growth and understanding
in this evolutionary
process of consciousness
we're talking about.
>>REGINA: So you
have the choice still
in the moment when you
encounter this person,
you all the feelings are there.
You know this is important.
And you can say, I
don't want to do it.
Not going there.
You could walk away.
>>GILLETTE: You could.
>>REGINA: And people do--
>>GILLETTE: And
that's free will.
>>REGINA: That is free will.
Exactly.
Or you can engage and if
it's a challenging one,
we don't need to ask
the question later.
We chose to engage.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And through the interaction
and the growth therein
and the contract
that had been made,
the completion of that
learning, it can be released.
And know with longevity, how
many relationships could one
have, especially when
longevity was 30 years
and now it can be 150.
You can have three
lifetimes in one lifetime.
>>REGINA: Getting up to that.
>>GILLETTE: In the
sense of relationships.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I'll pick up on that later--
life spans.
Maybe not in this
conversation, actually,
because what I want to know now
is what it's like for our guides
and what it's like
for our mind/soul
when it's time to bring
two people together.
I love the idea of films and
novels being written about this.
How is it engineered to
get two people together
at the right moment
to meet when--
maybe they live in
different countries
or halfway around across
their own country.
How challenging is
it from your side
to try to get these
people together?
Is it touch and go?
It seems like it'd
be very touch and go.
>>GILLETTE: Not really.
>>REGINA: OK, explain it.
>>GILLETTE: There's time
is not time as you know it
in a linear senses.
We call it perfect soul time.
And it's often when
you least expect it,
yes, it's like serendipitous
or coincidental.
We find those words humorous
because they aren't.
They are so planned.
>>REGINA: And sometimes it can
be almost silly and literal.
The father of my son, I won a
lottery ticket for his business.
And I knew I was going to win.
I knew my number was
going to be called,
so it was all lined up
perfectly in that moment
to win the lotto
ticket to connect
and voila, an impossible
thing happened when
my son came into the world.
>>GILLETTE: Isn't
that interesting?
>>REGINA: Hmm-mm.
>>GILLETTE: Yes, but
that's the quantum field
working on your behalf.
Yes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: What
you call the law
of attraction or manifestation.
>>REGINA: We humans often
say, though, oh, my God,
what if I hadn't changed
my mind and decided
to go to that event at the last
moment, we would have never met.
>>GILLETTE: Not necessarily.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GILLETTE: If it's
meant to happen,
it will and when
you least expect it.
If you didn't go
to the event, you
would bump into
them on the street.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And so what aspect
of our being are
we utilizing when we
recognize, this is a deep
and maybe even feels
like a karmic situation
in our understanding of it?
>>GILLETTE: It's that soul
agreement, soul contract.
>>REGINA: It's just the feeling,
the strength of the feeling of I
can't walk away.
>>GILLETTE: It's knowing.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So when we're engineering
this, as we were going back now
to choosing our
circumstance of birth,
we choose our soul, family,
our location, our bloodline,
and often come back
in because we're still
working on things with
people within that bloodline.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: So how
about the moment
we're born because
a lot of people
now can interfere
with the moment
a child is going to be born.
That's all compensated
for already.
It's already known
that the mother
is going to want to have the
baby early and have a C-sections
and not have to go through
labor, whatever the woman has
decided.
How important is it that
we get our astrology right?
>>GILLETTE: You will
hear stories also
where they've planned
the timing for the baby
and it comes when it wants to.
If a C-section, as you
put it, is planned,
the baby comes a day
early or so forth.
So ultimately, the individual
soul chooses its time,
however they get
into the body fully.
>>REGINA: And so, let's look
at that and relationships.
And I bring it up
on a personal level,
puts me in a bit of a
vulnerable position,
but also because I was talking
with a friend who says,
I'm the woman was
saying, I'm 63 years old.
I've never been married.
And the house of marriage and
her astrological chart is empty.
There's nothing there.
And no planets there.
So what would you
say to that scenario,
if you were looking at
them astrologically?
Is it that's not what
they came to work on
or it's just kind of open-ended?
>>GILLETTE: It's open-ended.
But those things
can change as well.
Astrological charting is energy.
And it changes.
If you look at a cartography
map for an individual,
the energy changes
as the Earth turns.
And so those things that
were predicted at birth
can change over a lifetime,
depending on the energy
and how one works with it.
>>REGINA: Well, on a personal
note, I was born with the Sun,
Venus, Mercury, all in
Scorpio in the seventh house
of marriage.
And I've done that a lot.
I mean, and I think, am
I a slow learner or what?
Or am I simply
choosing to crunch
a lot of learning
into one lifetime?
And it's probably a bit
of all of the above.
>>GILLETTE: It is, yes.
And some are monogamous and have
one relationship, one marriage
for an entire lifetime.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
>>GILLETTE: It's all
the soul's choosing.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
But a lot of people
put judgment on it
if you have not chosen one
person for one lifetime.
That's we need to let go
of these notions as well.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
Many of the
judgments are falling
to the wayside now for they hold
no energy any longer because
of this shift of
consciousness and awareness
that is now coming to fruition.
And to see those limiting
perceptions not true anymore.
Not ever, actually.
But seeing through different
lenses one then knows choice,
knows one's free will.
>>REGINA: And that's the
thing knowing oneself.
And there, I'm sure I'm not the
only person that's like this.
I think there are a lot of
people like me that in a sense
is very fungible,
it's like, just
like you said, knowing your core
values, knowing who you are,
knowing what you believe
you'll be compatible with.
When you have
people like me, it's
quite different because it's
like, sure, I could do that.
I can try that.
I could be that.
It's like, why not?
I can do that.
And it's not really
finding your own core.
It's having this,
I don't even know
this ability or this
pattern or whatnot
to flow with whatever is
thinking, I can do that.
>>GILLETTE: Well, it's
a curiosity, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Well, it is that.
>>GILLETTE: Of life itself.
And saying yes to life because
life will always want more life
lived through you
for you as you.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And that's a good way to put it.
There is a book written
called the "Yes Man",
which I think is an
absolutely fabulous book.
And it's a journalist
wrote it in London
and his life had closed down.
He was saying no to everything.
Wouldn't even go to a
dinner with friends anymore,
just grumpy and closed down.
And a man on the bus
looked at him and said,
an Asian man said,
I know your problem.
You don't say yes to life.
He started saying
yes to everything.
Got him in some pretty
strange circumstances
by the end of the day, because
anything presented to him,
he said, yes to.
But in the end, and
I do that a lot.
I mean, I've done that certainly
in all kinds of relationships.
But, yes, it can take
you strange places,
and you can have
strange experiences
and strange learnings, but
what you just said is so true
so much opens up in your field.
It becomes so interesting.
>>GILLETTE: And that's
what you've come for.
That's what we're talking
about the myopic view
or opening that
aperture to the broader
perception of possibility.
>>REGINA: Thank you for that.
And let's talk
about something else
that is interesting that's
happening now in society.
People are coming
together and every age,
we have ways in which
we bring our children
into the world the way their
place is made within a family.
Their chores, responsibilities,
duties, that changes over time.
But now we're in
a time where there
isn't that kind of
challenge for the children.
And parents tend to, you could
say, over give, over, manage.
And we're seeing some very
interesting things happen
as a result of this trend.
Can you talk about what
happens if a child doesn't
get the freedom to just be
themselves, feel themselves?
>>GILLETTE: They eventually
will in a later stage of life
by acting out.
>>REGINA: Well, this
is what I'm speaking
of a lot of articles
are coming out
now about millennial generation
and Gen Z, as it's called,
choosing to separate
from their families
and not want to be
around them anymore.
And the parents are very
wounded because they
think they've literally laid out
the red carpet for their child
in every way they know how.
Please talk to us a little
bit about this dynamic.
>>GILLETTE: Every
soul has come to learn
and have their experience.
And the greatest
sin, if there is one,
is taking away that
opportunity for an individual
to learn, as you might
say, their lessons.
Their challenge is a gift.
It's a curriculum of life.
And to take away challenge from
another is not appropriate.
It's like the butterfly.
The caterpillar goes
into the chrysalis.
Yes.
And then it breaks
out of the chrysalis.
It looks like it's struggling.
Yes.
But if it did not
have that struggle,
it would not build its
musculature to fly.
So that struggle is
necessary for life itself.
Children need their struggle,
their challenge to grow from--
everybody does.
That's what you have
a human life for.
>>REGINA: I'm watching a
couple little children now.
My little grand nieces
and nephews, darling.
But they're never alone, never.
They're always
engaging with adults.
There's always someone
reading to them
or doing something
with them or for them.
And I'm wondering what happens
when you don't have time
to be alone, to be bored, to
observe the world around you?
>>GILLETTE: Or to be creative.
>>REGINA: Or to be creative.
Exactly.
>>GILLETTE: And these
are the young ones
that you're speaking
about that wish
to separate from that
suffocation to experience life.
>>REGINA: So it's natural.
It's natural that this is
going to continue happening
until we let them have a little
patch of dirt and go play again.
>>GILLETTE: And
that will happen.
>>REGINA: And it will.
And I think in some
cases, it's already--
we're starting to see
the beginnings of it.
>>GILLETTE: So the generations
you're speaking about,
the younger generations now will
feel that for their children
and let them do it because
that's what they wanted.
>>REGINA: Hmm-mm.
So here's another question.
A lot of people in
the older generations
are watching the
younger generations.
And we're only seeing what
appears to be superficial.
We know there's depth and a
lot of these beings coming in,
but we see the superficial,
the addiction to social media,
cell phones where they can't
let their mind just roam
or be free for even a moment.
What happens here that brings
in the mental acuity, clarity,
whatever's going to be required
to be a future generation that
are the leaders,
what intervenes?
>>GILLETTE: Their curiosity.
They'll become bored because
there's so much of the same.
>>REGINA: Good.
>>GILLETTE: There's
nothing different.
So you speak of the
influences that they
see on their social media.
They're all the
same, aren't they?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Pretty much.
>>GILLETTE: So
it'll become boring.
And they'll become interested.
For a while, they could
not be in the out of doors.
And that was because of the
pandemic, this overprotection.
But they will want to see
the beauty of the planet
to have the experience of
the dirt as you say it.
The creativity is in them.
>>REGINA: So finally, looking
at this generationally
and coming in as sole
tribes and coming in
in certain time periods where
you have the opportunity
to learn certain
lessons as well.
The new ones coming in
now the little ones.
A lot of them seem to
be incredibly smart.
I mean, their brains are lit up.
And can you talk about--
I think they're now calling
that the alpha-generation after
the Z's.
Can you talk a little bit about
what these frequencies and times
are imbuing that youngest
generation with that we
can look forward to and
maybe even incarnate back
into as a grandchild
or a great grandchild?
>>GILLETTE: What they're
coming in as very bright souls
to navigate and to steer
this new world that's
birthing now in this
fifth dimensionary energy.
And they have the capabilities
of the new innovations
for the world to come forward.
>>REGINA: Well, they must
have the frequencies that
can incarnate back in here.
And maybe is it fair to
say that these are either
souls that are coming in anew
or maybe haven't been here
since other very,
very high times
vibrationally that
are now choosing
to come back with the big push
forward into the new world?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
And it seems important
to me that we
understand when we
often say, well, what
are we leaving our children?
And some people don't care.
They don't have children.
It's like, who cares what
we're leaving our children,
I'll be out of here.
But no, you'll be back.
And what you're laying down
is actually your own future.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
Yes.
>>REGINA: And if you want to
share just a little bit of that
and anything else you have
to say before we sign off.
>>GILLETTE: So you're seeing
all of this transition, if you
would, in mindsets, those
that are trying to hold on
to the old ways of being
and those that are bringing
the new innovations forward.
And as with all of
the old paradigms,
the old industrial
age, let's say,
all of these things
that don't work anymore
aren't a value anymore.
They were a value in the
moment in the movement forward.
Yes.
And the innovations continue
and will for its time.
If you think how little time
less than 100 years that you've
been able to communicate
globally like you
do now and travel
and communicate.
>>REGINA: And mix blood.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
So it is this movement
forward is quite dramatic.
The things you take
for granted now
haven't been here for very long.
And that will continue
new innovations.
Improving upon the
innovations that are here now.
>>REGINA: But also,
I would assume
our inner spiritual technology,
as we continue to as you say,
begin to truly
understand and love self,
and we start living closer
to our true soul's desire
and passion and what we've laid
out for ourselves even prior
to incarnation.
This has to be just a much
more beautiful game on Earth
as time goes on.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
It's actually a
magnificent time to be
embodied in this transformation
that's occurring now.
>>REGINA: So is it fair to
say all souls who are here now
hands on deck, you
chose this, you
chose to be part of
this great expansion?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And don't be afraid of it.
Many are negative about
the birth of this new time.
The new world, as it were.
It is a global world.
It's not individualized or
nationalized or insular.
You're one species
on this planet.
And in recognizing and
becoming a globalist,
the world will give
you its fruits.
It's those that stay in
the myopic vision that
will choke out life
for themselves,
for there's no
expansion within them.
As we said, life
is always desiring.
More life lived through
you, by you, for you as you.
>>REGINA: Don't be
afraid to make mistakes.
>>GILLETTE: There
aren't mistakes.
There's only feedback.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
And that's part of it.
We don't want to think we've
screwed up our opportunity
and so people tend to become a
little too conservative in what
they'll choose to explore.
>>GILLETTE: Because they don't
want to feel negative feelings.
But if you understand,
all feelings
are exquisite, even the
ones that are uncomfortable,
maybe even so, more so
because of the richness that
is gained through the
experience of knowing.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
THEO, thank you.
THEO, that's all I have for now.
Those are some
wonderful explanations
that we can all mull over.
Always said very eloquently,
and I thank you, all of you,
for being here with us today.
>>GILLETTE: We are appreciative
of the opportunity.
God's love unto you.
Good day.
>>REGINA: Good day.
Hey, Sheila.
>>GILLETTE: Hi, Regina.
>>REGINA: That was fun.
And one of the
things I just love
is that THEO continually
reflects back to us.
You have no idea which is the
same thing my soul group says,
you have no idea
what a privilege
it is to be there in
all of this right now.
And so we talked off
camera a little bit,
and one of the things you said
and if you could share again
that I think is also important
is the notion of being amidst
it, but somehow taking
it in, participating,
but remaining calm.
>>GILLETTE: Well, it reminds me
and THEO even likes this quote
from Eleanor Roosevelt, "All the
water in the ocean can't drown
you, unless you let it in."
And it's true about the chaos.
Is it affecting
you, really, or is
it just how you think about it?
And that's letting it in.
And what are you going
to do inside of you
with all that chaos, and
a lot of people get sick
and just it changes their
mood and they become angry.
And it's kind of like the
empaths, THEO talks to empaths
about let it pass through
you, like the wind goes
through the screen of a window.
Don't hold on to it.
You don't have to hold
on to that energy.
So I think we just need to
be mindful and pay attention
to what's ours and what's not.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And some people feel that their
humanity is their emotions
and they almost feel
obliged to take it all on.
Oh, I feel so
terrible for what's
happening over here and there.
It's hard not to in
some circumstances,
but in reality to be
aware of it, to clock it.
If you can do something, do
something, but don't let that
fill up your emotional body.
>>GILLETTE: Well, if
we believe, as I do,
that we've chosen our bodies,
our place where we live in,
there's a reason for everything
in the sense of personal growth
for those individuals
or soul growth,
even though we think
I couldn't do that.
Well, good, because
you're not there to do it.
And bless everybody in their own
experience of this evolution.
We're all here locking
arms, doing it together,
and have our own--
>>REGINA: Own peace.
>>GILLETTE: --peace.
>>REGINA: And some chose
a harder tour of duty
for this incarnation.
That's not a reflection
of who the soul is.
It's this glimpse for now.
So anyway, my dear, well,
it's so good to see you again.
It was so good
talking with THEO.
>>GILLETTE: It's
good to see you, too.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So I don't know what our
next subject will be,
but I'm sure I'll be seeing
you in a year or so time, OK?
>>GILLETTE: I'd love that.
>>REGINA: OK, great.
Thank you, Sheila.
>>GILLETTE: You're welcome.
>>REGINA: Again, the title
of the book is "The Art
of Relationship, Discover the
Magic of Unconditional Love."
It's always wonderful to have
Sheila and THEO here in the room
with us, as you know.
So until next time.
Thank you for joining
us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]